feat(conductor)!: implement v2 execution API (#2006)
astriaorg/astria: crates/astria-conductor/CHANGELOG.md

- Update `idna` dependency to resolve cargo audit warning [#1869](https://github.com/astriaorg/astria/pull/1869).
- Remove panic source on shutdown [#1919](https://github.com/astriaorg/astria/pull/1919).

> - Bump to v2 Execution API, using execution sessions and removing chain id env

Reviewer: "Bump" kinda puts it lightly because this is a fairly significant revamp:

```suggestion
Upgrade to `astria.execution.v2` APIs, implement execution sessions, remove env vars for setting chain IDs
```

Author: 7f0619c
